---
title: 'One Old Fashioned, Please'
date: '2022-06-01'
description: 'The next day, Adriana demonstrated the new cocktail recipes and had a taste session. She was a little critical when it came to making cocktails, especially the ones she had invented. So she made sure everyone got the percentage and proportion of the alcohol and the mixer right. “I love this masala chai cocktail. It’s sooo yum. I had never really tasted Chai before. I think I should give it a try.” Luke said, and Lisa agreed. “I agree. The spiciness of rye really elevates the taste. And adding a touch of honey to it is just divine.” “Well, traditionally Masala Chai has some kind of sweetener, hence. Actually, that one is my favorite as well. My dad makes masala chai at home almost every day. I’ve grown up drinking it.”'
coverImage: "/images/drink.jpg"
---

Adriana gathered her laptop and her cup of coffee and settled at the table. She took her first sip and smiled. “Umm… I love this coffee, Adriana. It’s exactly what I needed.” John shouted from across the bar kitchen. “Is everyone here?” He asked. “I think only Lisa isn’t….” Before Adriana could complete the sentence, Lisa walked in. “I am here. Sorry, sorry, actually I’m not sorry. I am on time today.” She smirked and pulled a chair next to Adriana. “Here, I made a fresh pot of coffee, and yes I added some cinnamon in yours.” ''You’re the best babe,” Lisa said while taking off her jacket. “Okay then, let’s get started with the winter menu,” John said and took a seat at the table.
###
&nbsp;

Adriana worked at one of the newest chic bars in Mountain View, California. She was a mixologist, and had started working at this bar only 3 months ago; before that, she worked at a small bar in Santa Cruz. This was closer to her home and she got paid way more, so it was a win-win situation for her. “Adriana, do you want to take over?” “Sure, John. Umm… Okay, so since it’s almost winter, it’s about time we update our cocktail menus. The one thing why our bar stands out is because of our quirky and delicious cocktails. After a lot of iterations, John and I have created 8 new cocktails, along with that we will carry forward the two fall cocktails that we used to serve, but with a little more of winter in it.” Adriana said and passed the QR Code to get access to the recipe of the new cocktails. Everyone started studying and discussing, and Adriana took another sip of her coffee and glanced at John. He gave her an affirming look and went to the kitchen. John was a Chef, and a Mixologist; also, he owned the bar. Adriana answered all the questions and noted down some suggestions from her fellow bartender colleagues. It was almost noon when everyone broke out for lunch.
###
&nbsp;  

Lisa, Luke, and Adriana started walking towards their go-to cafe to get some lunch. “How was your date last night?” “It was good. He was very handsome, but… I just didn’t feel it.” Luke answered. “You’re never going to feel it if you don’t give someone a chance and go on another date.” “I know Lisa. But with…” “Oh, I don’t want to hear his name. You have to get over him, it’s been 3 months now.” Lisa snapped. “She’s right Luke; you got to move on.” Adriana chimed in. “And you need to stop lending money to your ex-husband.” “touché,”Adriana said and ordered a sandwich and a coffee.
###
&nbsp;  

It was Tuesday night, and it wasn’t that busy. Adriana helped John in the kitchen. “You know, you’re a good cook.” “I know, John. It’s just…” She didn’t know what to say. “What?” When he didn’t get any response from her, he continued “ I’m just saying try it, I know you love creating cocktails and you’re phenomenal at that. Try this… This kitchen is in need of another chef.” “I’ll think about it.” She said, but they both knew she was gonna decline like she had in the past. Adriana’s father was a chef at one of the fancy restaurants in San Francisco and her mother was a baker and owned a bakery, so Adriana always felt pressure when it came to being a professional chef, which was self-induced. Her parents always complimented her cooking, but she always felt they were just being polite. She did work at a restaurant for a while, but she always felt anxious, and so instead of cooking, she chose Mixology.
###
&nbsp;  

The next day, Adriana demonstrated the new cocktail recipes and had a taste session. She was a little critical when it came to making cocktails, especially the ones she had invented. So she made sure everyone got the percentage and proportion of the alcohol and the mixer right. “I love this masala chai cocktail. It’s sooo yum. I had never really tasted Chai before. I think I should give it a try.” Luke said, and Lisa agreed. “I agree. The spiciness of rye really elevates the taste. And adding a touch of honey to it is just divine.” “Well, traditionally Masala Chai has some kind of sweetener, hence. Actually, that one is my favorite as well. My dad makes masala chai at home almost every day. I’ve grown up drinking it.”
###
&nbsp; 

The week went by, and it was Friday; today they were going to release the new cocktail menu. Adriana came early in the morning to the bar. She opened up, went to the kitchen, made some eggs, toasted some bread, and started brewing some tea. “What’s cooking? it smells gingery.” John asked as he came to the kitchen and grabbed his apron. “Well some of the people said they had never tasted Masala Chai, so I made some and made some Indian style Scrambled eggs,” Adriana answered and poured him a cup of tea. “Wow! Is there garam masala in here? I didn’t have it in here.” John asked while taking a bite of the scrambled eggs. “I know, I got it from home. I have kept it in that jar, you can use it.” “Thank you! And remind me, why aren’t you a chef in this kitchen yet?” John scoffed while taking a sip from his Chai, and Adriana just rolled her eyes. All the staff had come by then, she poured everyone a cup and they all enjoyed the scrumptious breakfast. “Can we do this daily?” Luke asked, and Adriana ridiculed that thought. “At least once a week? Please.” “We should definitely do that. At least that way I could get to taste more of Adriana’s food.” John winked, and Adriana rolled her guys again before concluding with ‘I’ll think about it.’
###
&nbsp;

It was 6 pm and the bar was a good amount of crowded. People were liking the new cocktail creations. There was something for everyone on the new menu, including Vodka, Tequila, Whiskey, and Rum. By 9 pm the bar was swamped, there was a queue outside the bar as the bar was filled, and there was a limit of people allowed in a closed venue due to Covid restrictions. “I need an extra hand; Adriana?” Lisa shouted while entering the kitchen. “I’ll be there in a minute. Here, have this slice of pizza, I just warmed it up.” “Oh, you’re a savior!” Adriana handed her the slice, washed her hands, and was out at the bar doing what she does best. Nobody could match up to her speed, she was like a… “Damn girl, you’re like a robot.” Luke commented, to which Adriana smirked “Well, I love what I do.” “Yeah, but try to be a little human too. Flirt a little, to get something like this.” Luke bragged and showcased the $100 bill he just got as a tip.
###
&nbsp;   

Adriana got busy making the drinks, but Luke’s comment kept bothering her. She almost made nothing in tips. She started talking to the people she was serving, it wasn’t going that bad, she was enjoying the conversation, but again she wasn’t getting any tips. Also, she realized nobody wanted to talk to her willingly like how they did with Lisa and Luke. “Do you want to keep the tab open?” She served one of the customers and then went to use the restroom. While washing her hands, she looked at herself in the mirror and understood why she wasn't getting any tips.
###
&nbsp;

“You are always wearing these long and loose boy shirts, and your hair is always in a braid, and … it wouldn’t kill you to lose some weight. So…. What I’m saying is that…  you’re kinda not very attractive to look at. Hence, I…” “Are you kidding me, Sebastian? You’re blaming me for your infidelity? I can’t, I just can’t with you. Leave, just get the fuck out.” Adriana was reminiscing about the conversation she had with her ex-husband when she found out about his cheating. ‘Was he right all along? Have I become hideous?’ She was lost in her thoughts. “Hey beautiful, can I get a bourbon Old Fashioned, please?” Someone at the bar got Adriana back to actuality.
###
&nbsp;

“Absolutely” Adriana responded and got engrossed in making the drink. “How’s your night going?” Adriana asked the man. The man looked at her for a few seconds before answering, “Well, I’ve had better nights.” “Oh, I’m sorry to hear that, I hope this helps.” “Thanks, hon. You have very beautiful eyes.” Adriana thanked him for the compliment, and they spoke some more before she went ahead to serve other customers.
###
&nbsp;  

The night went by, and the Old fashioned guy made sure he got all his drinks only from Adriana. It was almost midnight and the crowd had almost died, “Well, I know you love your old-fashioned, but you have got to try this. This is on me.” Adriana made one of her whiskey cocktails. “Not bad, not bad at all. I like the subtle hints of… pear?” “Yup, spiced pear.” “Hon, you’re very good. Today I’ve had the best cocktails of my life. And, I’m 53. so…” “Aww… You made my night. Thank you so much. I love mixing and inventing new cocktails, I love my job.” “Well, you’re the best in the whole bay area.” “Hahaha… You're exaggerating a bit, but thanks Brad, you’re a very kind man.” Brad raised his glass and smiled. “So… That woman over there has been eyeing you for a while now. You should go and have a conversation… that is if you want to.” Adriana whispered. “Yeah, I noticed that too. Do you think I should approach her?” Adriana nodded, and Brad went ahead.
###
&nbsp;

It was 1 AM and the bar was now officially closed. Adriana was thinking about how her night changed from the moment Brad showed up at the bar. She looked at herself in the bathroom mirror and murmured, “You're not hideous, you’re beautiful and most importantly you’re happy.” After giving herself that self-affirmation she went out, and saw Brad waiting for her. “Hey, I was waiting for you.” Brad said, and reached in his pockets and handed her a $100 dollar bill and said, “You made me forget my woes tonight, hon. I was having a very terrible night… Was almost about to call it quits…  and then I met you… I haven’t had a genuine conversation like this in almost a year. This covid has taken the lives of most people I know.” “Oh, Brad… I’m so…” “No hon, this is good. I felt content today after almost a year, thanks to you. And thanks to you, I have a date tomorrow.” He pointed at the same woman he had been conversing with. “I’m going to come here more, and taste all of your exquisite creations. Life is short and brutal, but I’m not going to give up.” He smiled and bid her a good night. Adriana was stunned.
###
&nbsp;   

She couldn’t get any sleep that night, Brad’s confession kept replaying in her head, she even cried a little. The next day she went to the bar at almost noon. “Hey, I was worried for you. Is everything okay? Are you…” She cut John midway, and said, “John…. John, I think I want to try cooking… I mean…. I want to take up that chef position if it’s still open. But, I want to do it part-time for now, Mixology is still my first love.” John couldn’t believe his ears, he smiled and hugged her and handed her an apron. “Welcome aboard chef!”
###
&nbsp;